.gitignore
.gitreview
.pylintrc
.readthedocs.yml
AUTHORS.md
Contributing.rst
LICENSE-3RD-PARTY.txt
LICENSE.txt
README.rst
setup.py
tox.ini
utils.py
.github/workflows/publish.yml
.github/workflows/test.yml
binder/postBuild
docs/Makefile
docs/source/api.rst
docs/source/archetypes.rst
docs/source/architecture.rst
docs/source/conf.py
docs/source/configuration.rst
docs/source/contributing.rst
docs/source/index.rst
docs/source/interaction.rst
docs/source/releasesfile.rst
docs/source/specializations.rst
docs/source/tutorials.rst
docs/source/assets/bbnforge
docs/source/assets/nexus-forge-architecture.png
docs/source/releases/release-notes.rst
docs/source/releases/v0.3-release-notes.rst
docs/source/releases/v0.3.3-release-notes.rst
docs/source/releases/v0.4.0-release-notes.rst
docs/source/releases/v0.5.0-release-notes.rst
docs/source/releases/v0.5.1-release-notes.rst
docs/source/releases/v0.5.2-release-notes.rst
docs/source/releases/v0.6.0-release-notes.rst
docs/source/releases/v0.6.1-release-notes.rst
docs/source/releases/v0.6.2-release-notes.rst
docs/source/releases/v0.6.3-release-notes.rst
docs/source/releases/v0.7.0-release-notes.rst
examples/configurations/demo-resolver/entity-to-resource-mapping.hjson
examples/configurations/demo-resolver/term-to-resource-mapping.hjson
examples/configurations/demo-store/demo-config-with-resolvers.yml
examples/configurations/demo-store/file-to-resource-mapping.hjson
examples/configurations/entitylinking-resolver/entitylinking-mapper-encoder.hjson
examples/configurations/entitylinking-resolver/entitylinking-mapper-es.hjson
examples/configurations/entitylinking-resolver/entitylinking-mapper.hjson
examples/configurations/nexus-resolver/agent-to-resource-mapping.hjson
examples/configurations/nexus-resolver/term-to-resource-mapping.hjson
examples/configurations/nexus-store/file-to-resource-mapping.hjson
examples/configurations/nexus-store/publishing-file-to-resource-mapping.hjson
examples/data/associations.tsv
examples/data/my_data.xwz
examples/data/my_data_derived.txt
examples/data/non_existing_person.jpg
examples/data/persons-with-id.csv
examples/data/persons.csv
examples/data/tfidfvectorizer_model_schemaorg_linking
examples/data/scientists-database/albert_einstein.txt
examples/data/scientists-database/marie_curie.txt
examples/mappings/LICENSE
examples/mappings/README.md
examples/mappings/DemoDB/mappings/DictionaryMappings/Example.hjson
examples/mappings/MouseLight/metadata.json
examples/mappings/MouseLight/mappings/DictionaryMapping/NeuronMorphology.hjson
examples/mappings/NeuroMorpho/jsonld_context.json
examples/mappings/NeuroMorpho/metadata.json
examples/mappings/NeuroMorpho/mappings/DictionaryMapping/NeuronMorphology.hjson
examples/mappings/UniProt/jsonld_context.json
examples/mappings/UniProt/metadata.json
examples/mappings/UniProt/mappings/DictionaryMapping/Gene.hjson
examples/mappings/UniProt/mappings/DictionaryMapping/Protein.hjson
examples/mappings/allen-cell-types-database/mappings/DictionaryMapping/NeuronMorphology.hjson
examples/mappings/allen-cell-types-database/mappings/DictionaryMapping/PatchedCell.hjson
examples/mappings/allen-cell-types-database/mappings/DictionaryMapping/Subject.hjson
examples/mappings/scientists-database/DictionaryMapping/Association.hjson
examples/mappings/scientists-database/DictionaryMapping/Contribution.hjson
examples/models/neuroshapes_context.json
examples/notebooks/getting-started/00 - Initialization.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/01 - Resources.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/02 - Datasets.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/03 - Storing.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/04 - Querying.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/05 - Versioning.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/06 - JSON IO.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/07 - DataFrame IO.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/08 - Formatting.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/09 - Resolving.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/10 - Reshaping.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/11 - Modeling.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/12 - Mapping.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/13 - JSON-LD IO.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/14 - RDF IO.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/15 - SQL IO.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/16 - Debugging.ipynb
examples/notebooks/getting-started/README.md
examples/notebooks/use-cases/BBP KG Create Datasets.ipynb
examples/notebooks/use-cases/BBP KG Forge retrieval.ipynb
examples/notebooks/use-cases/BBP KG Ontology Brain Building Workflow Search and Exploration.ipynb
examples/notebooks/use-cases/BBP KG Ontology types Search and Exploration.ipynb
examples/notebooks/use-cases/BBP KG Schema changes.ipynb
examples/notebooks/use-cases/BBP KG Search and Download.ipynb
examples/notebooks/use-cases/BBP-KG-Search-and-Download-Data-at-a-given-tag.ipynb
examples/notebooks/use-cases/EntityLinkerElastic-forge-demo-config.yml
examples/notebooks/use-cases/EntityLinkerSkLearn-forge-demo-config.yml
examples/notebooks/use-cases/MOOC_Content_based_Recommender_System_using_Blue_Brain_Nexus.ipynb
examples/notebooks/use-cases/ResolvingStrategies.ipynb
examples/notebooks/use-cases/bbp-staging-forge.yml
examples/notebooks/use-cases/copy-token.png
examples/notebooks/use-cases/dataset_from_different_sources.ipynb
examples/notebooks/use-cases/forge.yml
examples/notebooks/use-cases/login-ui.png
examples/notebooks/use-cases/nsg-forge-nexus.yml
examples/notebooks/use-cases/one_cell_minds.ipynb
examples/notebooks/use-cases/prod-forge-nexus.yml
examples/notebooks/use-cases/mappings/allen_ephys_dataset.hjson
examples/notebooks/use-cases/mappings/allen_morphology_dataset.hjson
examples/notebooks/use-cases/mappings/mouselight_dataset.hjson
examples/notebooks/use-cases/rdfmodel/jsonldcontext.json
kgentitylinkingsklearn/__init__.py
kgentitylinkingsklearn/entity_linking_sklearn.py
kgentitylinkingsklearn/entity_linking_sklearn_service.py
kgforge/__init__.py
kgforge/version.py
kgforge/core/__init__.py
kgforge/core/forge.py
kgforge/core/reshaping.py
kgforge/core/resource.py
kgforge/core/archetypes/__init__.py
kgforge/core/archetypes/dataset_store.py
kgforge/core/archetypes/mapper.py
kgforge/core/archetypes/mapping.py
kgforge/core/archetypes/model.py
kgforge/core/archetypes/read_only_store.py
kgforge/core/archetypes/resolver.py
kgforge/core/archetypes/store.py
kgforge/core/commons/__init__.py
kgforge/core/commons/actions.py
kgforge/core/commons/attributes.py
kgforge/core/commons/constants.py
kgforge/core/commons/context.py
kgforge/core/commons/dictionaries.py
kgforge/core/commons/es_query_builder.py
kgforge/core/commons/exceptions.py
kgforge/core/commons/execution.py
kgforge/core/commons/files.py
kgforge/core/commons/formatter.py
kgforge/core/commons/imports.py
kgforge/core/commons/parser.py
kgforge/core/commons/query_builder.py
kgforge/core/commons/sparql_query_builder.py
kgforge/core/commons/strategies.py
kgforge/core/conversions/__init__.py
kgforge/core/conversions/dataframe.py
kgforge/core/conversions/json.py
kgforge/core/conversions/rdf.py
kgforge/core/wrappings/__init__.py
kgforge/core/wrappings/dict.py
kgforge/core/wrappings/paths.py
kgforge/specializations/__init__.py
kgforge/specializations/mappers/__init__.py
kgforge/specializations/mappers/dictionaries.py
kgforge/specializations/mappers/r2rml.py
kgforge/specializations/mappers/resources.py
kgforge/specializations/mappers/tables.py
kgforge/specializations/mappings/__init__.py
kgforge/specializations/mappings/dictionaries.py
kgforge/specializations/models/__init__.py
kgforge/specializations/models/demo_model.py
kgforge/specializations/models/rdf_model.py
kgforge/specializations/models/rdf/__init__.py
kgforge/specializations/models/rdf/collectors.py
kgforge/specializations/models/rdf/directory_service.py
kgforge/specializations/models/rdf/node_properties.py
kgforge/specializations/models/rdf/service.py
kgforge/specializations/models/rdf/store_service.py
kgforge/specializations/models/rdf/utils.py
kgforge/specializations/resolvers/__init__.py
kgforge/specializations/resolvers/agent_resolver.py
kgforge/specializations/resolvers/demo_resolver.py
kgforge/specializations/resolvers/ontology_resolver.py
kgforge/specializations/resolvers/store_service.py
kgforge/specializations/resolvers/entity_linking/__init__.py
kgforge/specializations/resolvers/entity_linking/entity_linker.py
kgforge/specializations/resolvers/entity_linking/entity_linker_elastic.py
kgforge/specializations/resolvers/entity_linking/service/__init__.py
kgforge/specializations/resolvers/entity_linking/service/entity_linking_elastic_service.py
kgforge/specializations/resolvers/entity_linking/service/entity_linking_service.py
kgforge/specializations/resources/__init__.py
kgforge/specializations/resources/datasets.py
kgforge/specializations/resources/entity_linking_candidate.py
kgforge/specializations/stores/__init__.py
kgforge/specializations/stores/bluebrain_nexus.py
kgforge/specializations/stores/demo_store.py
kgforge/specializations/stores/rdflib_graph.py
kgforge/specializations/stores/sparql_store.py
kgforge/specializations/stores/nexus/__init__.py
kgforge/specializations/stores/nexus/http_helpers.py
kgforge/specializations/stores/nexus/service.py
kgforge/specializations/stores/sparql/__init__.py
kgforge/specializations/stores/sparql/sparql_service.py
nexusforge.egg-info/PKG-INFO
nexusforge.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
nexusforge.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
nexusforge.egg-info/requires.txt
nexusforge.egg-info/top_level.txt
tests/KGForge Setup.ipynb
tests/__init__.py
tests/conftest.py
tests/core/__init__.py
tests/core/resource.feature
tests/core/test_forge.py
tests/core/test_reshaping.py
tests/core/test_resolving.py
tests/core/test_resource.py
tests/core/archetypes/test_dataset_store.py
tests/core/archetypes/test_read_only_store.py
tests/core/archetypes/test_store.py
tests/core/commons/__init__.py
tests/core/commons/test_actions.py
tests/core/commons/test_attributes.py
tests/core/commons/test_context.py
tests/core/commons/test_dictionaries.py
tests/core/commons/test_es_query_builder.py
tests/core/commons/test_execution.py
tests/core/commons/test_sparql_query_builder.py
tests/core/conversions/conftest.py
tests/core/conversions/test_dataframe.py
tests/core/conversions/test_json.py
tests/core/conversions/test_rdf.py
tests/core/wrappings/test_dict.py
tests/core/wrappings/test_paths.py
tests/data/dbpedia-model/context.json
tests/data/dbpedia-model/mappings/DictionaryMapping/Example.hjson
tests/data/demo-model/namespaces.json
tests/data/demo-model/schemas.json
tests/data/demo-model/vocabulary.json
tests/data/demo-model/mappings/allen-cell-types-database/DictionaryMapping/NeuronMorphology.hjson
tests/data/demo-model/mappings/allen-cell-types-database/DictionaryMapping/PatchedCell.hjson
tests/data/demo-model/mappings/allen-cell-types-database/DictionaryMapping/Subject.hjson
tests/data/demo-model/mappings/scientists-database/DictionaryMapping/Association.hjson
tests/data/demo-model/mappings/scientists-database/DictionaryMapping/Contribution.hjson
tests/data/demo-resolver/agents.json
tests/data/demo-resolver/cell_types.json
tests/data/demo-resolver/sex.json
tests/data/demo-resolver/species.json
tests/data/demo-resolver/structure_layer.json
tests/data/nexus-store/file-to-resource-mapping.hjson
tests/data/nexus-store/publishing-file-to-resource-mapping.hjson
tests/data/shacl-model/context.json
tests/data/shacl-model/commons/schemaorg-v26.0.json
tests/data/shacl-model/commons/shapes-1.json
tests/data/shacl-model/commons/shapes-2.json
tests/data/shacl-model/commons/shapes-3.json
tests/data/shacl-model/commons/shapes-4.json
tests/specializations/mappers/test_mappers.py
tests/specializations/mappings/test_mappings.py
tests/specializations/models/data.py
tests/specializations/models/demo_model.feature
tests/specializations/models/test_demo_model.py
tests/specializations/models/test_models.py
tests/specializations/models/test_rdf_directory_service.py
tests/specializations/models/test_rdf_model.py
tests/specializations/models/test_rdf_service.py
tests/specializations/resolvers/test_resolver.py
tests/specializations/resources/test_datasets.py
tests/specializations/resources/test_resources.py
tests/specializations/stores/demo_store.feature
tests/specializations/stores/test_bluebrain_nexus.py
tests/specializations/stores/test_demo_store.py
tests/specializations/stores/test_sparql.py
tests/specializations/stores/test_stores.py